Finally, it's quiet.
Since ancient times,
those who dare to plot rebellion are usually very bold.
Why does Duke Duan act so openly and without concealment?
Duke Duan, the Taoist priest.
Elder Brother, you see,
I was just making a joke.
Being able to make Duke Duan speechless
shows he has some real skill.
No wonder he is the Emperor’s brother.
His words are even sharper.
Are you sure you want to act during the banquet?
The Empress Dowager and the Emperor are not fools.
If we’re discovered, we’re finished.
Don’t worry, I’ve already made arrangements.
Once Princess Loulan is dead,
Loulan will definitely be in turmoil.
Even if they don’t fight, the chaos will ensue.
You just need to stir up trouble in his harem.
I don’t believe I won’t find an opportunity.
It’s easier said than done.
I’ve been demoted.
I feel like the Emperor might have discovered something.
If he finds out about our relationship,
we’ll be...
That day will not come.
Who is that Rong Fei you mentioned?
She appeared during the snowstorm.
I’m still unmarried because of her.
She does have some influence.
She can affect your standing with the Emperor.
If she argues with you,
don’t worry.
She won’t last long.
I’ve already made preparations.
They are keeping an eye on me.